src/data/shortcuts/00-global.md, before:

# View zoom level
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(X)
```


# Change zoom level
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(X) + turn(X)
```


# Scroll horizontal
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(X)
```


# Scroll vertical
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(Y)
```


# Undo
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(BACK)
```


# Redo
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(BACK)
```


# New song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(LOAD)
```


# Delete song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(LOAD), turn(SELECT), hold(SHIFT) + press(SAVE), press(SAVE)
```


# Load song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(LOAD), turn(SELECT), press(LOAD)
```


# Save song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(SAVE), turn(SELECT), press(SELECT)
```


# Change tempo (course)
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(TEMPO)
```


# Change tempo (fine)
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(TEMPO) + turn(TEMPO)
```


# Metronome
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(TAP)
```


# Swing
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + turn(TEMPO)
```


# File system up
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(BACK)
```


# Adjust brightness
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + hold(LEARN) + turn(Y)
```


# Settings menu
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(SELECT)
```


# Save song, collect all samples
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(SAVE), turn(SELECT), hold(SELECT), press(SELECT)
```


# Pad refresh rate
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(CLIP) + turn(SELECT)
```

Commit message:

docs: add an example for descriptions with inline UI references
* WIP, currently not displayed in the UI

src/data/shortcuts/00-global.md, after:

# View zoom level
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(X)
```


# Change zoom level
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(X) + turn(X)
```

When you `turn(X)` clockwise, the resolution doubles. So instead of 16th notes, you'll see 32nd notes displayed.

Similarly, when you `turn(X)` counterclockwise, the resolution is halved.


# Scroll horizontal
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(X)
```


# Scroll vertical
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(Y)
```


# Undo
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(BACK)
```


# Redo
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(BACK)
```


# New song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(LOAD)
```


# Delete song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(LOAD), turn(SELECT), hold(SHIFT) + press(SAVE), press(SAVE)
```


# Load song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(LOAD), turn(SELECT), press(LOAD)
```


# Save song
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(SAVE), turn(SELECT), press(SELECT)
```


# Change tempo (course)
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
turn(TEMPO)
```


# Change tempo (fine)
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(TEMPO) + turn(TEMPO)
```


# Metronome
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(TAP)
```


# Swing
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + turn(TEMPO)
```


# File system up
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(BACK)
```


# Adjust brightness
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + hold(LEARN) + turn(Y)
```


# Settings menu
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(SHIFT) + press(SELECT)
```


# Save song, collect all samples
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
press(SAVE), turn(SELECT), hold(SELECT), press(SELECT)
```


# Pad refresh rate
    
#GLOBAL

```shortcut
hold(CLIP) + turn(SELECT)
```
